# Sexcity

About a year ago I got the idea to write a game for me and for my girlfriend. I'm not a programmer... unfortunately. For this reason, for a year, I learned programming while creating the game, what turned out a great fun, so I continued making it. It is not the best game in the world, but at some point I thought "maybe it would be worth to translate it and show someone else? Maybe someone else will like the idea?". But if you decide to launch my game you'll see what besides programming is my problem. You can also see this by reading this text:) English is not my first language... unfortunately. So I would be more than happy for any advice or opinion. The game is not finished yet. One could say that it is beta tests. Moreover I have a lot of new ideas for its improvement. In the future I would like to enlarge the board by adding other tiles, add possibility to play with more then two people, taking into account for example different gadgets and clothes and several other special additives for more kinky people. But on the other hand I think this game should be pretty simple. I do not want to bore you, so if you could give me any feedback or help with writing tasks for players or maybe help with graphic or any thing else I would be extremely grateful! Unfortunately I can not offer any salary because I would like to share this game for free. I'm looking to hearing from you. If you have any questions don't hesitate to write.

Link to the game: http://gamesexcity.github.io/Sexcity/
My e-mail adress: gamesexcity@gmail.com

If something would not work let me know. You can also try different browser then Chrome. I can also send an offline version.

RULES:
The object of the game is to reach the 'finish' tile, what gives you the right to choose the task for your opponent. Starting with the blue colour player, each player in turn throw the dice and move your token the number of spaces indicated by the dice. After you have completed your play, turn passes to the next player. Depending on the space your token reaches, you may be entitled to perform different action. Each time a player lands on or passes over 'start', bonus of 200$ is granted. If you have more then two properties and you have done more then 5 laps one the first level and more then 15 on the second one, you go level up. When you land on an unowned property you may buy it. When you land on a property that is owned by another player and you have enough money, the owner collects rent and perform a specified action. When you do not have sufficient amount of money you have to work. When you land in jail you receive appropriate penalty. Players have 'meeting' when two tokens rest on the same tile at the same time.
